<hr><h1>NFT Merkle Whitelist</h1><p>This project is used to generate a Merkle tree for a list of wallet addresses and their proofs, which can be used for creating a whitelist for Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs). The Merkle tree provides an efficient way to prove the inclusion or exclusion of an address in the whitelist.</p><h2>Files</h2><h3>main.js</h3><p>The <code>main.js</code> file is the entry point of the application. It utilizes the Node.js <code>cluster</code> module to create multiple worker processes for parallel processing. Each worker process takes a file containing wallet addresses, generates the Merkle tree, and writes the output to a separate JSON file.</p><h3>walletList.txt</h3><p>The <code>walletList.txt</code> file contains the list of wallet addresses, with each address on a separate line. This file serves as the input for generating the Merkle tree.</p><h3>merkletree.js</h3><p>The <code>merkletree.js</code> file is a dependency from the <code>merkletreejs</code> package. It provides the implementation of the Merkle tree data structure and related functions.</p><h3>keccak256.js</h3><p>The <code>keccak256.js</code> file is a dependency from the <code>keccak256</code> package. It provides the implementation of the Keccak256 hashing function, which is used to hash the wallet addresses.</p><h2>Usage</h2><ol><li><p>Install dependencies by running <code>npm install</code> in the project directory.</p></li><li><p>Populate the <code>walletList.txt</code> file with the wallet addresses that need to be included in the whitelist. Each address should be on a separate line.</p></li><li><p>Run the application using the command <code>node main.js</code>. The application will create multiple worker processes based on the number of files specified in the <code>fileNames</code> array in <code>main.js</code>. Each worker process will generate a separate output file with the processed data.</p></li><li><p>Monitor the progress of the application as it processes the wallet addresses. The progress will be displayed as a percentage.</p></li><li><p>Once the application finishes, you can find the output JSON files in the format <code>{workerId}_output.json</code>, where <code>workerId</code> represents the ID of the worker process.</p></li></ol>